# ANDROID-APPLICATION-KISMAAT
## It is an android application coded on Java language in the android studio software and it is functional for every possible android smart phone available in the market. It is basically a game type of application in which someone can rely on their luck to win points and at the end of each round of a particular session of game , a luck withdrawal system is used to infer the winner of that round. This application is very easy to use and it is very user friendly. By the end of my development of this application and after uploading it on Google Play Store, it got very great response from the audiences. I got 100+ registration on my application. The reviews are all very good and intriguing. With this concept and with android application combination nothing like this was created before by anyone else and that’s why it is first of its own kind and unique in its own way. It is now not available on Google Play Store due to some account issues, but it will get published on a new website created explicitly for this because of the previous response it got. The Concept is very simple and easy. Firstly you need to download this app from the Google Play Store then after you need to open it and register on it with your mobile number , a OPT would get send to you and by which you would be able to go on to your newly registered account. After this registration , all you need to do is to Click on Buy Lottery and then it will show you another page where you can have your options of which competition/round of game you want to get on as that page would be showing all the available competition Live now. Then you click on the desirable contest and then you pay for that ticket and once payment is done (payment options are all online i.e. google pay, paytm, phonepay etc) , you can check your ticket presence in the Booked Ticket section of the app and there by clicking on your booked ticket you can check the date, the result is to be announced and eventually from the date of result to next days you can see the name of the winners in that booked ticket section. The withdrawal of winner ticket is done on Youtube live event, so that there would a transparency and fairness all throughout the game.
